---
title: blog 6
layout: post
author: elias.lemoniatis
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 1WMz0wGh4TWvbd_kAm_Y_vmu8XvoVvvwYCN_XtOz526I
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Lesson   6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Finish off the rest of my work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish my work and complete the booklet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes because most of it was completed</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering	    When it was hard i persevered.Questioning	    I asked questions when i didn't understand what i was doing.Independence.   I was independant when i needed to be.Reflecting.          When i had to look back on my work I did.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found it hard to do the excersises in the booklet and it was hard to understand however it was much easier when asked questions and figured it out using the knowledge i have of the fuze box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will change the way I look at things and try and do it in simplest form there is. I also concentrate more in class on what I am doing and write more things down to improve my memory. I also need to contribute more to class and ask more questions instead of asking people sitting next to me and try not to get so distracted. I need to conquer my shyness around teachers. [No question is a stupid question unless it's been said right?].Over the weekend i will try to fix the bug in my game so next monday i have achieved my target.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


